your feet should not hurt if your feet
are weak Landing from a fall probably
won't go very well one of the easiest
ways that you can build strong feet is
by being Barefoot but I get DMS from
people asking for my feet picks like I'm
some sort of only fans chick so I'm not
entirely comfortable being Barefoot all
of the time but thankfully there are
other options that allow for toes spread
and what's great about these shoes even
though these may look like they have a
raised heel they are actually perfectly
flat so it's very similar to being
Barefoot except there is a little bit
more cushion Pala gave me these for free
but if you want to try a pair go to
pva.com and use code stay flexy it'll
get you 10% off and it'll support me
stay flexy